♪♪
I'll get my revenge.
Astral and Yuma
are going to pay!
They may have defeated me,
but our battle is far
from finished.
Next time, I'll crush
them once and for all!
(yelling)
(cackling)
All I require
is the strength.
And if the ancient Barian
legends are true,
then I'll definitely
find that power here
in the darkest depths of
the great Barian Sea!
♪♪
Yes, this is it...
the sacred resting place of
the great Barian deity,
Don Thousand!
(yelling)
Don Thousand,
I offer you my life force
in exchange for your
great power!
(rumbling)
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all
that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪♪
It feels like the whole
planet is breaking apart...
(whistle blowing)
This jump's gonna be one
for the record books.
Just watch me!
I'm gonna
high-five the...
♪♪
Ahh!
(all laughing)
That was a new
record all right,
for the worst
high jump ever!
Whoa, what happened?
♪♪
(groaning)
Don Thousand!
You awoke me to
plead for a favor...
the gift of my power.
Why?
There's someone I must
defeat once and for all,
but I can't do it
without your help.
You speak of Astral.
Yes, and his pest of
a friend, Yuma Tsukumo.
Give me the power
to defeat them
and I'll do
whatever you ask.
Discover the locations of
the seven
Mythyrian Numbers!
Seven Mythyrian Numbers?
Retrieve them and we
will be unstoppable.
If that's what it takes to
defeat Yuma and Astral,
then consider it done!
Now, your power...
give it to me!
As you wish.
(groaning)
Your life belongs
to me now.
In exchange,
I will infuse your
being with my power.
From this day forward,
you and I will
be as one!
(groaning)
(laughing maniacally)
(thundering)
♪♪
(gasping)
Did that vision come from
the past or the future?
A map?
Could it be
connected to my vision?
This could be
the end of Barian World!
It would take
an incredible force to
destroy an entire world.
(Vector)
But that's exactly
what's happening!
Vector!
Even as we speak, Astral is
using his growing strength
to threaten Barian World.
If that is true, then
the fault is entirely yours.
How could
I be to blame?
After all, I'm the one
who tried to stop Astral.
You tried and failed!
And now, thanks to your
recklessness,
Yuma and Astral have
grown stronger than ever.
I was defending our world!
While you seemed
to be obsessed with
Kite and his Galaxy-Eyes.
I'd never do
anything so foolish.
Feel the wrath of
my Galaxy-Eyes
and we will see who
the foolish one is!
This is not
the time, Mizar.
As you know, Astral has long
been a threat to us.
Many ages ago,
he even defeated
our great deity,
Don Thousand,
and cast him into the depths
of the great Barian Sea.
If he continues absorbing
Numbers, he'll soon be in
a position to completely destroy
Barian World!
But never fear,
Vector is here!
I have learned of
a way we can stop him!
How is that?
There are seven Mythyrian
Numbers that are scattered
across the human world.
When we acquire them,
we can wield their power
and use them to crush
Astral!
How did you learn
all of this, Vector?
Huh?
What a repulsive-looking
insect!
Hey, don't be rude!
You think I enjoyed
coming back as a fly?
Let me tell you it stinks,
especially when I land on
garbage!
This creature's fate
was sealed
'til I decided
to bring him here.
Say hello to
Mr. Heartland!
It's unfair!
Why did you have to bring me
back in this form?
The only reason
I brought you back at all
was to get the latest
buzz!
For such a tiny pest,
he delivered big time!
Heartland was full of
useful intel
that will lead us
to the Numbers we need.
He told me about seven
previously
unknown Numbers
hidden in the human world.
There are 23 different
locations
where the Numbers
could be squirreled away.
If your information
is correct,
then it is imperative
we find those Numbers
before Astral does.
We could discover
something else.
If we travel
to the human world,
we may find clues that
could lead us to Nash.
To Nash?
Yes.
It seems like only yesterday
we seven Barian Emperors
had our ranks
reduced to five
when our fearless leader
Nash and Marin
disappeared
from Barian World.
We may be lead to our lost
friends as we explore
the dimensional doorways.
Vector is right.
Dumon!
We must split up and begin
our search immediately.
♪♪
This had better work,
Vector.
And now, to wake up our two
sleeping uglies!
I'm cutting
your power naps short,
which should make you
extra cranky.
We're going to need
both of you for this mission.
You'll soon have a chance to
help me get even with
Yuma and Astral!
♪♪
(laughing maniacally)
Do you sense
anything, Rio?
Not so far.
I'm sure I felt
a disturbance before,
but I can't sense it now.
Meaning we came up here and
skipped lunch for nothing.
Quit griping
or we'll skip dinner, too!
No, not dinner,
I'm sorry!
It's strange that you all
sensed it at the same time,
don't you think?
Ahh!
(Shark)
Looks like we have a visitor.
Next time you bring us
to your airship,
how about a heads-up?
I am sorry, but this
matter is rather urgent.
I was here on the deck
when this planetary map
unexpectedly appeared.
There are ancient ruins
at each of
the marked locations.
And more importantly,
there are seven Numbers
hidden there!
Seven Numbers?
Along with the map, there was
also an important message.
♪♪
Hello, Yuma and Astral.
Hey, that's my dad!
If you're seeing my message,
the situation is much worse
than I had hoped.
This map
shows seven ruins.
Inside of each is one of
the seven Mythyrian Numbers.
These cards are unlike any you
have ever seen
and if they
fall into Barian hands,
an ancient evil will destroy
everything you
have been fighting for!
That is why you must get those
Numbers before the Barians can.
I know you can do it.
In fact...
I'm counting on it.
Dad!
Man, I wish
you were here right now.
Your father has great
faith in you, as do I.
Astral.
There's no way
I'll let my dad down!
I'm going after all
those Numbers!
And nothing's
gonna stop me!
That goes for me, too.
Those Barian jerks
rub me the wrong way.
I'd love to take a bite
out of their plans.
You're comin', too?
Which means that I'll have to
go watch out
for my big brother.
So how soon do you
all want to leave?
I'd say the sooner we get going,
the better, Rio!
Thanks, you guys.
All right...
Astral, lay out a course
for the first site!
This airship's
goin' full throttle!
♪♪
Nash...
Where did you disappear to?
We could truly
use your help now!
These lightning blasts are
too close for comfort.
Yeah.
(Astral)
There appears to be
some strange force at work.
Huh?
What's that?
(yelling)
♪♪
(gasping)
(groaning)
My Baria Crystal
has been damaged!
Without it, I won't be able to
use my full powers here!
If only I had
been more alert.
I didn't spot that ship until
it was too late.
I'm sure it was Astral's.
This mission is not off
to a good start.
Huh?
(growling)
Ahh...
(Dumon)
That's Yuma!
Keep your paws
to yourself!
(growling)
Astral!
(snarling)
Guess he couldn't "bear"
the thought of taking me on.
(groaning)
Hey, are you okay?
Careful, Yuma.
Better keep your
distance from that guy.
Reginald Kastle!
What's wrong?
You know this person?
Well, no, not really.
I saw that he was in trouble
and jumped in to help.
Yeah,
I figured as much.
But seeing as we crashed into
some kind of energy being
on the ship,
I'm wondering if
that being could be him.
I don't know what you mean.
My name's Nash
and I'm here on vacation.
You don't really expect us
to believe that, do you?
It is quite possible this
stranger is a Barian.
Gee, guys, he doesn't
look like a Barian.
I mean, why would
a Barian need glasses?
They don't,
that's the idea.
They're in disguise, Yuma.
You are so completely
clueless and--
(Tori screaming)
Hey, that's Tori!
♪♪
Whoa, this building
needs some serious upkeep.
(Astral)
These are the ancient
ruins we seek, Yuma.
One of the seven Numbers we're
looking for must be inside!
So, Yuma and Astral must be
looking for
the Mythyrian Numbers, too!
(Tori screaming)
(Tori)
Yuma, help!
It's Tori!
Hang on, Tori!
(screaming)
Ahh!
I have to find that Number
before they do!
But I do not have enough
strength to find it myself.
I will have to keep this ruse up
and follow along for now.
This should teach you not
to play with snakes, Tori.
We weren't
playing with them, Yuma!
They attacked out of
nowhere!
Someone's trying to keep
something safe.
These passages have
been totally sealed off.
Then we'll have to
bust through!
That's not good!
Now what?
(yelling)
We're trapped!
Huh?
Everyone calm down.
Keep your eyes and ears
open for trouble.
(grunting)
Reginald!
♪♪
Hey, Shark!
You there?
(Shark)
Where else would I be?
Something tells me this
is only gonna get worse.
♪♪
(gasping)
Hey, Shark!
The passage
on our side opened up!
Same thing on our side.
It looks like we'll have to
split up for the time being.
You came across
Nash in the forest?
Yeah, he told us that he's just
visiting here on vacation.
Shark and Astral are
convinced it isn't true.
They think he's
a Barian.
Huh?
A Barian?
Yeah, but forget about it.
Don't worry, Tori,
I think that they're wrong.
But if they're right, it means
we led him straight
to the Number!
Thanks for saving my skin
back there,
but don't get
the wrong idea.
It doesn't mean
I trust you.
Fact is, I still think that
you might be the enemy.
Think what you like.
I only saved you 'cause I owed
your friend for saving me.
Hmm... fair enough.
♪♪
Looks like
we've come up empty.
There's no way ahead
and nothing here.
(rumbling)
On second thought, we may
have discovered a trap!
This place is amazing!
It seems to be
some kind of temple.
Up there!
Above that statue!
Is that a card?
That could be the Number
we're looking for!
♪♪
(groaning)
Who're you?
I am Mach,
the guardian charged with
protecting the Number.
He is a Number guardian?
Mach is an incredibly
powerful entity.
I can sense the Number's
force radiating from him.
No doubt you have come here
seeking to possess
this Number.
It will never be yours, unless
you can vanquish me in a duel
and prove that you are truly
worthy of possessing it!
I never
turn down a duel!
You're on, Mach!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Duel!
Stay on your toes, Yuma!
Let us see how your
skill and character fare
when put to
the test!
It begins now!
I will first place a monster
facedown...
in defense mode!
And then I place
two more cards facedown,
ending my turn!
Which makes it
my move!
Remember, this is
no ordinary opponent.
That's for sure.
There is a price
to be paid for failure.
If you do not pass your test,
the Number will remain here,
along with two of
your companions' souls!
What do you mean?
♪♪
(gasping)
Shark and Nash!
Where are they?
It looks like
they're in trouble!
(rumbling)
We definitely
walked into a trap!
And unless we think of
something fast,
we're not
walking out of here!
Reginald!
Hey, keep them
out of this!
Let them go free!
Only by surrendering,
can you lead your companions
to freedom and find victory.
(Astral)
Victory through surrender?
If we do not solve this riddle,
I fear our quest could be over
before it has begun.
Me surrender?
Never!
I'll fight full-out 'til
I get that Number
and save Shark and Nash!
I'm gonna get things
rolling by summoning
Gagaga Magician!
And whenever I have a Gagaga
monster on my field,
I can also summon
this little fella!
Its special ability instantly
activates, which means I can
change this
little guy's Level
to match Gagaga Magician's!
So the kid gets a boost
so it's at Level 4 as well!
All right, then, now that
I have two Level 4 monsters...
Yuma!
You were gonna remind me
that if I use them
to summon Utopia,
it won't be able
to attack this turn.
But I'm way ahead of you,
which is why I'm activating
Gagaga Tag!
This spell ups
the attack points
of both my Gagaga monsters
by 500!
Yuma will now attack with his
Gagaga monsters
so that he may summon
Utopia at the end of his turn.
It is a sensible move
and yet...
I fear this guardian
will not yield so easily.
(rumbling)
Hang on!
I promise, I'm gonna get you
outta there
no matter what it takes!
♪♪